Update Compillation Docs for new test method (#1810)
disorderedmaterials/dissolve: web/docs/userguide/get/compilation.md

Default: `false`

#### `BUILD_TESTS`

> In addition to the main build, also build tests located in the `tests/` directory.  The tests check individual portions of the dissolve code base for problems, and run dissolve on a large number of known data sets to confirm that there are no error in those calculations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the main build, also build tests located in the `tests/` directory.  The tests check individual portions of the code for problems, and run Dissolve on a number of known data sets to confirm that there are no errors in those calculations.
```
